[NEW] RI feature doc (#127)
redis-stack/redis-stack-docs: docs/stack/insight/_index.md

### Connection management

* Automatically discover and add your local Redis or Redis Stack databases (that use standalone connection type and do not require authentication).
* Discover your databases in Redis Enterprise Cluster and databases with Flexible plans in Redis Cloud.
* Use a form to enter your connection details and add any Redis database running anywhere (including OSS Cluster, Sentinel).

<img src="/docs/stack/insight/images/Databases.png">

### Browser

Browse, filter and visualize your key-value Redis data structures.
* [CRUD](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Create,_read,_update_and_delete) support for lists, hashes, strings, sets, sorted sets, and streams 
* CRUD support for [RedisJSON](https://oss.redis.com/redisjson/)
* Group keys according to their namespaces

  <img src="/docs/stack/insight/images/Browser.png">

> * View, validate, and manage your key values using new formatters that prettify and highlight data in different formats (for example, Unicode, JSON, MessagePack, HEX, and ASCII)

Author: ```suggestion
* View, validate, and manage your key values in a human-readable format using formatters that prettify and highlight data in different formats (for example, Unicode, JSON, MessagePack, HEX, and ASCII) in the Browser tool.
```

* CRUD support for [RedisJSON](https://oss.redis.com/redisjson/)
* Group keys according to their namespaces

  <img src="/docs/stack/insight/images/Browser.png">

* View, validate, and manage your key values using new formatters that prettify and highlight data in different formats (for example, Unicode, JSON, MessagePack, HEX, and ASCII)

>   <img src="/docs/stack/insight/images/data_formatting.png">

Reviewer: @nermiller , let's use new images with higher resolution.
Please let me know if you need them.

Author: @ViktarStarastsenka yes, please, point me to them. Thanks!

Reviewer 2: View, validate, and manage your key values in a human-readable format using formatters that prettify and highlight data in different formats (for example, Unicode, JSON, MessagePack, HEX, and ASCII) in the Browser tool.

  <img src="/docs/stack/insight/images/Workbench_TimeSeries.png">

## Tools

### Database analysis

Use the database analysis tool to optimize the performance and memory usage of your Redis database. Check data type distribution and memory allocation and review the summary of key expiration time and memory to be freed over time. Inspect the top keys and namespaces sorted by consumed memory or key length and count of keys, respectively. Capture and track the changes in your database by viewing historical analysis reports. Next figure shows a sample database analysis report.

<img src="/docs/stack/insight/images/database_analysis.png">

### Redis Streams support

Create and manage streams by adding, removing, and filtering entries per timestamp. To see and work with new entries, enable and customize the automatic refresh rate.

View and manage the list of consumer groups. See existing consumers in a given consumer name as well as the last messages delivered to them. Inspect the list of pending messages, explicitly acknowledge the processed items, or claim unprocessed messages via RedisInsight.

<img src="/docs/stack/insight/images/streams.png">

### Search capabilities

> If you're using Redis or Redis Stack's indexing, querying, or full-text search capabilities, RedisInsight provides UI controls to quickly and conveniently run search queries against a preselected index. You can also create a secondary index of your data in a dedicated pane.

Reviewer 2: this is not correct.  It's only for Redis stacks' indexing capabilities. need to go back to check the blog now

Author: updated!

> If you're using Redis or Redis Stack's indexing, querying, or full-text search capabilities, RedisInsight provides UI controls to quickly and conveniently run search queries against a preselected index. You can also create a secondary index of your data in a dedicated pane.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using Redis Stack's indexing, querying, or full-text search capabilities, RedisInsight provides UI controls to quickly and conveniently run search queries against a preselected index. You can also create a secondary index of your data in a dedicated pane.
```
